He sits at a distance in a dimly light room, only his silhouette visible.  A dog naps at his feet.  "All in," he says.
A new adventure with friends...  Moments into it, you're given and shown everything you could've enjoyed discovering together, and then you're done.  You wake feeling confused about your purpose in life.
"ROLL! ROLL! ROLL!"^MfknBearodactyl (RIP)
She won battles near and far and was feared by all.  A finer general there never was.  Among her closest advisors though, she often admitted to having no idea what she was doing with her team.
A long time ago in a world of warcraft not so far away, a young paladin named Boonz wandered into a deep dark meadow on the edge of Terrokar Forest. Hitting the M button to view his map, he did not recognize the new area he had stumbled upon and became confused. Curious, he began to explore his surroundings until he came across a small pond full of fish. Hoping to get his pointless fishing skill up a few levels, he whipped out his rod...
Strobe lights, man-flesh, cheap velvet-lined furniture... there he sits, for what seems all eternity...  "What are you doing?"  "Watchin' dicks."
Walking, walking, walking... around and around, retracing the same steps in this never-ending circle.  How long has it been?  You look up and can just barely make out your house over the edge of the moat you've created.  Keep walking...  keep walking...
A young boy dreams of a white bunny.  He makes the hand sign for more, and a second one appears.  He pauses, then tries again, and two more appear.  He giggles, then signs for more...
You're at the helm of your longship with your most trusted viking warriors behind you.  Today will be glorious.  You gaze confidently at the beach as it approaches, ready for -- suddenly fear grips your gut.  You realize you're out in public without a mask.  Someone behind you coughs.  You wake screaming.
You sneak closer to the camp of deadly felines.  One step at a -- CRASH!  A roaring figure charges into the clearing ahead of you.  The cats cut him down easily in mere seconds.  With surprise ruined, you back away quietly, but not before hearing the sound of someone smacking their lips and chewing ... ice?
Bunnies?  ...  *sniff* *sniff* oooo, scratch the ear...  bunnies?  ruff*sniff*ruffruff...  something in bush-BUNNIES??  MEEEOOW-ffffffsh!!!  nose owie.  no bunnies.  *sniff*
Wolves everywhere, all around you, each one deadly.  Looking down at your scarred body, you seem to recall having signed up for less dangerous animals.  No matter, you are The Director.  Looking up and smiling with grim determination, you beckon the next trainee over.
This guy really chose the wrong gumshoe to pick a fight with.  You aim calmly, not even caring he knows you're there; it's that easy.  With practiced precision, you squeeze the trigger -- *squirt* ... turkey jerky dribbles from the end of your gun.  Well, shit.  That's not your 380 in your hand...
Helga's riding the inflatabull like a champ, when suddenly the bull's had enough.  In one smooth motion he whips back and gores Helga, while at the same time kicking backward savagely.  Toast takes it to the face, and his head explodes like a ripe, vodka-soaked melon.  The water turns red...  you wake to the taste of chlorine and blood.
You dream you're making the most delicious stir-fry ever.  It shouldn't take long now, and once it's done you'll wake from your dream and get back to spending time with your friends...  time passes ... and eventually you die in your sleep of old age.
Your body tenses in anticipation at the tactile sensation of running your fingers over the smooth, naked jar.  The butter inside, sometimes smooth, sometimes nutty, always perfectly salty.  Unbidden, a moan escapes your lips, "Oh... Laura!"
CREAK... he leaves the room.  CREAK... he's back.  CREAK... he leaves again.  How long will this go on?  Is there no WD-40 left in this world?
An open world, stamina-based combat, all new G.R.R.R.R.R.R.Reat lore, and the best part -- a release date sometime this decade! ...  Then you realize you're dreaming again.  You wake screaming.
You are Myraclewhip, greatest of archers. You wield the mighty bow of your father, Mylkshake. You draw, aim, and release in time with the secret incantation passed down from your forefather, Mylexander Hammytoes, “I am not gonna miss my ... SHOT!”
Woody wouldn’t willingly whittle white wood while wantonly winging wren, would he?
How do Vikings send secret messages?  Norse code.
You dream peacefully of a more pleasant linguistic world, where viking is a verb and people pause more than 1ms between conversational segments.
You're sleeping peacefully on a public transit boat, headed for home, when a Viking Border Patrol agent rudely kicks you awake.  And for some reason, you're wearing a sombrero...
"..."^Kryahs
